Updated "Creating a Bot Account" Docs (#616)
nextcord/nextcord: docs/discord.rst

    .. image:: /images/discord_bot_user_options.png
        :alt: How the Bot User options should look like for most people.

> 7. Generate the token using the "Reset Token" button. You might have to confirm and enter your current 2FA Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Generate the token using the "Reset Token" button. You have to confirm and enter your current 2FA Code, even if you don't have 2FA enabled.
```

Author: Is 2FA actually required and also promoted even if not enabled?

Reviewer: wait nvm im wrongc

Author: > wait nvm im wrongc

OK, everything else fine?

Reviewer 2: can confirm its required

    .. image:: /images/discord_oauth2.png
        :alt: How the OAuth2 page should look like.

> 5. Tick the "bot" checkbox under "scopes". If you make use of Application Commands (Slash, Message and Member Commands) also tick "applications.commands".

Author: Changed
